FOR REVIEW: Update off-chain-governance.md (#299)
makerdao/governance-manual: governance/off-chain-governance.md

# Off-Chain Governance

> 

Reviewer: High-level comment: I think this doc can be shortened a little since there's not that much to say except polls on the forum and Discord chats ;)

{% hint style="info" %}

> Since subDAOs can arbitrarily set up their own forms of internal off-chain governance, this article will restrict itself to the available off-chain, community-driven forms of governance within Maker Core.

Author: Agh, yeah. I got way too verbose there

> Since subDAOs can arbitrarily set up their own forms of internal off-chain governance, this article will restrict itself to the available off-chain, community-driven forms of governance within Maker Core.

Reviewer: Consider a tool like https://www.summarizer.org/ to help. The usual issue is that it omits some important detail but you can always add it back in

{% endhint %}

> Off-chain governance is a form of governance that does not require any token nor interaction with a blockchain from its participants. Hence it increases the pool of people able to participate in improving the protocol. Off-chain governance takes the form of a free, unconstrained exchange of ideas, and it can be used as a way of gathering feedback to support and inform prospective on-chain governance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Off-chain governance is a form of governance that does not involve tokens or blockchain interaction. It allows more people to participate in improving the protocol by freely exchanging ideas and gathering feedback. This can be used  to support and inform future on-chain governance.
```

> These exchanges and the possibility of initiating them are free for all. They can be conducted in several venues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Off-chain governance can be conducted in:
```

> - In the [MakerDAO forum](forum.makerdao.com/), usually under the [Ecosystem Discussion category](https://forum.makerdao.com/c/ecosystem-discussions/89).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [MakerDAO forum](forum.makerdao.com/), usually under the [Ecosystem Discussion category](https://forum.makerdao.com/c/ecosystem-discussions/89). The forum also allows for creation of polls to gauge community sentiment.
```

> 	- The MakerDAO forum also allows for the creation of polls, which can be used to gauge community sentiment and to stir further, deeper discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - In the [MakerDAO Discord server](https://discord.gg/RBRumCpEDH), in which many topical channels are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the [MakerDAO Discord server](https://discord.gg/RBRumCpEDH), in which many topical channels are available.
```
```suggestion
- The [MakerDAO Discord server](https://discord.gg/RBRumCpEDH).
```
